Add more docs about channels and the update server (#243)
flatcar-linux/flatcar-docs: docs/setup/releases/switching-channels.md

    - ../../clusters/management/switching-channels
---

Flatcar Container Linux is designed to be updated automatically with different schedules per channel. You can [disable this feature](update-strategies), although we don't recommend it.
Read the [release notes](https://flatcar-linux.org/releases) for specific features, bug fixes, and changes.

> A new major release starts in the Alpha channel and gets bug fixes there before it is promoted to the Beta channel, gets more bug fixes, and finally gets promoted into the Stable channel.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A new major release always starts in the Alpha channel - which is for developers - where it passes multiple feature and bug fix iterations.
Roughly every second major Alpha release is promoted to the Beta channel; the promotion is based on stability and on feature completeness.
The Beta channel is for user consumption, so operators can validate compatibility with user workloads.
In Beta, the release passes additional iterations and eventually fully stabilises, receiving bug fixes addressing issues with user workloads.
Roughly every second major Beta release is promoted to Stable.
```

> Thus, the Stable channel gets no brand new major releases but instead gets the bug fix release of a new major release. It then continues to get bug fix releases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Thus, the Stable channel gets no brand new major releases but instead gets the bug fix release of a new major release. It then continues to get bug fix releases.
Any Stable major version remains supported until a new major Stable version is released.
```

> Therefore, the recommended channel is the Stable channel, however, users are advised to run a few nodes that get updates from the Alpha and Beta channels.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We generally recommend operators to follow releases in the Stable channel, with a few nodes on Beta for workload validation.
```

> This helps to find bugs early and fix them before they hit production which is also in the interested of the user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Beta is generally considered ready for production.
However, in edge cases new releases may show issues with certain user workloads.
The Beta channel is an opportunity to validate early and to give feedback, so potential issues are fixed before they hit Stable.
```

**Note:** After the update is downloaded and the system is ready to reboot, remove the `GROUP` entry again from `/etc/flatcar/update.conf` because the new update has it as default and there is no need to hardcode it there.

### Freezing an LTS stream

> Flatcar Container Linux LTS has an 18 month support cycle for each yearly LTS stream, with 6 month overlap between new streams.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A new LTS is released roughly once per year.
Each LTS major release has an 18 month support cycle, so there's a 6 month overlap between major releases.
```

Author: How about `release stream`? There is some confusion otherwise about the word release which normally refers to a single Flatcar version.

Reviewer: Yes, makes a lot of sense. Let's settle for `major version stream`?
